Updated setup Azure doc following Slack post (#6087)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/setup-azure.md

- Azure Service Administrator
- Azure Co-administrator

> If your Azure DevOps account is connected to Entra ID, then you can proceed to [Connecting a service user](#connect-a-service-user). However, if you're just getting set up, connect Azure DevOps to the Microsoft Entra ID app you just created:

Reviewer: @nataliefiann update this link too

> If your Azure DevOps account is connected to Entra ID, then you can proceed to [Connecting a service user](#connect-a-service-user). However, if you're just getting set up, connect Azure DevOps to the Microsoft Entra ID app you just created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Azure DevOps account is connected to Entra ID, then you can proceed to [Connect a service user](#connect-a-service-user). However, if you're just getting set up, connect Azure DevOps to the Microsoft Entra ID app you just created:
```

You must connect your service user before setting up a dbt Cloud project, as the service user's permissions determine which projects dbt Cloud can import.

> When using Azure AD to SSO to connect to dbt Cloud, and also SSO to your MS tools, a dbt Cloud account admin with access to the service user's Azure DevOps account must complete the following to connect the service user:

Reviewer 2: Based on Benoit's feedback [here](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C02NCQ9483C/p1726656354040079), we need to revamp the original instructions (rather than remove them) and then add this section as sort of an FAQ if they have already set up the integration, but it's not working properly. Let me know if you have any questions!

Author: Thanks @matthewshaver

> When using Azure AD to SSO to connect to dbt Cloud, and also SSO to your MS tools, a dbt Cloud account admin with access to the service user's Azure DevOps account must complete the following to connect the service user:

Author: ```suggestion
A dbt Cloud account admin with access to the service user's Azure DevOps account must complete the following to connect the service user:
```

> 1. Sign into the service user's Azure DevOps account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to the service user's Azure DevOps account.
```

You must connect your service user before setting up a dbt Cloud project, as the service user's permissions determine which projects dbt Cloud can import.

A dbt Cloud account admin with access to the service user's Azure DevOps account must complete the following to connect the service user:
1. Sign into the service user's Azure DevOps account.
2. In dbt Cloud, click **Link Azure Service User**.
3. You will be directed to Azure DevOps and must accept the Microsoft Entra ID app's permissions.

> 4. You should then be prompted for the service user's credentials.

Author: ```suggestion

```

> 3. From there, disconnect the service user in dbt Cloud, and go through the steps to set it up again.

Author: ```suggestion
3. You will be directed to Azure DevOps and must accept the Microsoft Entra ID app's permissions.
```

> 2. When connected to dbt Cloud, sign out of Azure AD by visiting the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/).

Author: ```suggestion
2. In dbt Cloud, click **Link Azure Service User**.
```

Once connected, dbt Cloud displays the email address of the service user so you know which user's permissions are enabling headless actions in deployment environments. To change which account is connected, disconnect the profile in dbt Cloud, sign into the alternative Azure DevOps service account, and re-link the account in dbt Cloud.

> ### Using Azure SD for SSO with dbt Cloud and Microsoft tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using Azure AD for SSO with dbt Cloud and Microsoft tools
```

> <Expandable alt_header="I have set up the integration, but it's not working properly" > 

Reviewer 3: I would change this to "I can't select the service user, dbt Cloud automatically connects my personal user"

Author: Thanks @b-per

> <Expandable alt_header="I have set up the integration, but it's not working properly" > 

Author: ```suggestion
<Expandable alt_header="I can't select the service user, dbt Cloud automatically connects my personal user" > 
```

> <Expandable alt_header="I can't select the service user, dbt Cloud automatically connects my personal user" > 

Reviewer: not a blocker but i recommend changing this to an h3 or h4 instead of expandable, faq type of heading. For example: 

### Using Azure SD for SSO with dbt Cloud and Microsoft tools

> <Expandable alt_header="I can't select the service user, dbt Cloud automatically connects my personal user" > 

Author: ```suggestion
### Using Azure SD for SSO with dbt Cloud and Microsoft tools
```

> If you're using Azure AD for SSO with dbt Cloud and Microsoft tools, the SSO flow may sometimes direct your account admin to their personal user account. If this happens instead of prompting to connect a service account, they can follow these steps to resolve it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Azure AD for SSO with dbt Cloud and Microsoft tools, the SSO flow may sometimes direct your account admin to their personal user account instead of the service user. If this happens, follow these steps to resolve it:
```

> 1. Sign in to the service user's Azure DevOps account (they should also make sure they are connected to dbt Cloud via SSO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to the service user's Azure DevOps account (ensure they are also connected to dbt Cloud through SSO).
```

2. When connected to dbt Cloud, sign out of Azure AD through the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/).
3. Disconnect the service user in dbt Cloud, and follow the steps to set it up again.
4. You should then be prompted to enter service user credentials.

> </Expandable>

Reviewer: @nataliefiann i think you need to remove this. that may be why it's failing

> </Expandable>

Author: ```suggestion

```

> 3. From there, disconnect the service user in dbt Cloud and go through the steps to set it up again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Disconnect the service user in dbt Cloud, and follow the steps to set it up again.
```

> 4. You should then be prompted for service user credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You should then be prompted to enter service user credentials.
```
